# TRINIT_-datapirates-420-_-PSCode-
--------------Introduction-------------
Our aim is to create a website which is all about 
agriculture needs like what medicines are required and 
which crop can be planted in which season all the 
details will be available in our website.
------------Proposed Methods-----------
We are just in beginning stage later we are planning to 
take data sets of which agriculture research is present 
and we will predict the outcome of which crop to be 
planted or which medicine should be used on which 
plants will be predicted by that model.
-------------Work Done and Results-----------------
Till now we have completed only static website we are 
looking forward on complete whole project but it takes 
time as we are parallelly learning machine learning. 
After few months we are expecting our models will 
predict more accurately.
--------------Conclusion-------------------------
Our main aim to help small farmers who doesnâ€™t have 
knowledge on agriculture to get hands on agriculture 
tactics from our website we are also trying to ad 
regional languages to our website which will help 
farmers to read easily
